To whoever is marking this, please note that I am aware of the following minor issues:

1. As per the assessment specifications, I created 4 branches (Master, Development, 
Feature-Visual and Feature-LevelGenerator), however, I did not contribute anything to the 
Feature-LevelGenerator branch. I believe that I have completed the 90% section which has all
taken place within the Feature-Visual branch. Since I created all the branches from the
beginning, I believe this is the reason why the Feature-LevelGenerator branch is empty and
does not resemble the Feature-Visual branch. If you are able to use Git Bash, then the
command "gitk" will show you that these branches have been created in this manner.

2. Due to the assessment specifications, only 1 animation controller for the pacman sprite
has been used for all animations. Inside the level, I have 2 pacman sprites, 1 for displaying
movement and the other specifically for the death state animation. In order to keep with the
specification, once the play button is hit, the movement sprite will move right and suddenly
transition into the death animation before transitioning into the normal movement animations.
This only happens in this scenario and the movement sprite continues the expected behaviour
afterwards. I am not sure if this will result in the deduction of marks as it is not perfect.
However, for the final assessment, the death animation will only be played when necessary
and not for demonstration purposes.

3. The normal pellet sprite may look like it does not appear in the scene and game views,
however, this is due to the darker shades partially blending with the background.

4. The audio source for pacman's walking audio is a component of the pacman game object and
not a separate game object like the other audio sources. This results in a "speaker" icon
covering the sprite. This can be toggled off through the Gizmos tab if needed.


Thank you for taking the time to read through this brief.
-Ethan Tran (14177911)